but she started to take three weeks to do so. I was confused because with the genetic counselor, I thought it was ordered, but it hasn't been ordered yet, right? So I ordered for you today. I think it's been ordered. We have a phone. We have a phone. But we haven't gone in yet. Got it. We're going in after a different purpose. Perfect. And then you've scheduled your second trimester overstound already, right? No. Is that an antimede? No, yeah, yeah. I don't really have. That should be in about a month or so. Yeah, I believe you have scheduled that. Perfect. OK. Do you have any questions about the first trimester results or anything about the genetics? Uh-huh. I don't think so. OK. All right. So it looks like when they saw you for the genetic screening, the size of the dates was appropriate. And the nuke-hole transverse disease measurement was 1.7. And the screening for Down syndrome and Trisomy 18 was low risk. OK. And then remember, you guys had that self-referential DNA testing, which also screens for Down syndrome. And that was negative. So in general, what happens in the second trimester is when we do this blood test, well, if you've had the self-referential, we don't repeat the Down syndrome screening. I see. OK. OK. OK. So let me make sure we order that for you. That's OK, right? Yeah. It's up to you. I mean, in general, the self-referential DNA testing is a better test for Down syndrome. If you want the results to be revealed, they can be as if you didn't have the self-referential testing. But sometimes the state's screen can become positive. OK. OK. Sometimes people feel that they hear, that they feel, they don't move them later. If you have angioteomy, I don't know that's true. I'm really happy to answer your question. OK. OK. OK. OK. Sometimes people feel that they hear, that they feel, feel, movement later. It's like if you have angioteomy. I don't know that's true. It's not. I'm really happy to answer your question. OK. So exercising a little bit. OK. Let's keep it on. Let's try. Yeah. You want to exercise a little bit. And just to make sure that you, because I helped you with your energy level, I was trying to help you with your weight. And I was doing a walk for two times a week. Perfect. I think I was like, I'm going to have to make a move. Yeah. I would continue to try to walk a little bit. If you have access to the gym, you may be going to walk on the treadmill or something like that. Especially when the winter is coming and things like that. You want to just make sure you get up and move so that when time comes for labor, you're still fit. Yeah. OK. OK. OK. You You You You You You You